[OTAGENT-512] Add more configs and examples to otel agent gateway (#2490)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/configuration_public.md

`features.otelAgentGateway.enabled`
: Enables the OTel Agent Gateway. Default: false

`features.otelAgentGateway.featureGates`

> : FeatureGates to pass to the OTel collector as a comma-separated list. Example: "component.UseLocalHostAsDefaultHost,connector.datadogconnector.NativeIngest"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Feature gates to pass to the OTel collector as a comma-separated list. Example: "component.UseLocalHostAsDefaultHost,connector.datadogconnector.NativeIngest"
```
